link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/leah-king/pen/PobGYqW?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It gives meaning to our content
 2. What is HTML used for? 
    The main reason we use it is for accessibility, but it also is the structure for our web design
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    It provides additional information about html elements; always specified in the start tag 
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is for the main title and should only be used once
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href and src
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
   <!DOCTYPE html> followed by all of the information that we want to include on the html page that isn't content that is meant to be viewed
7. What is an id? 
    it's a unique name that is used to point to a specific style declaration in the CSS
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any html element
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once
10. What is a class? 
    used by CSS to select and access specific elements
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    anything
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as often as wanted
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target_blank
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    provides a description in case image can't be viewed
15. How do I reference an id?
    with the #
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    only semantics - the meaning of the content you are dividing up
17. What is CSS used for? 
    to provide style to the html
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    assign it a class 
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class can be used multiple times so I would use it if I wanted, for example, all of my h2 elements to be blue; the id is for one specific element so it might be used if I wanted only one paragraph, or h2 element to be blue
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with . in front of class name
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p class="human">
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A child is anything that is within the parent element; for instance I might have a <div> as the parent and anything contained within that would be a child.  I can use the parent child selector if I want to target something specific within the larger element. 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar (in CSS); <div class="sidebar"> (in html)
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It allows us to style a specific target;  hover is an example of a pseudo selector
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Use line-height 
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Use letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    *lowercase *capitalize
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px, dotted, black;
    }
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Use the *
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-->
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    .pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    .ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    .rm - once it is done it cannot be recovered
34. Why should I use version control? 
    I can always refer back to a working version of my code if there is a bug or error - it's like a diary of changes
35. How often should I commit to github?
    Anytime you make significant changes
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    open project on github
    fork the project
    copy the code link "clone"
    open up terminal (gitbash) and cd into where you want to put it
    git clone url
    cd into project
    git checkout -b my-name
    code . (to open in VSCode)
    work on project
    git add .
    git commit -m "meaningful text"
    git push
    go back to forked version of project in github
    choose our branch name and click on pull request
    choose our personal from the base
    compare main to our personal one
    pull request
    copy url for our pull request and submit it on our project page

STRETCH QUESTIONS
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Inline elements don't break your line; block elements typically cause a line break to happen
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
	The element positions itself relative to its closest positioned ancestor
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Use * {
        box-sizing: border-box;
    }  
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Block:<div>, <ul>, <li>		Inline: <span>, <a>		Inline-block:  <button>    
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for   the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	The box model is the way the margin, padding, border and content all relate to each other in reference to width and heigth; we make all elements respect the width we've given them by using width:100% to override defaults    